README.md, before:

# Project 4: Reinforcement Learning
## Train a Smartcab How to Drive

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** with the [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted
) library installed

### Code

Template code is provided in the `smartcab/agent.py` python file. Additional supporting python code can be found in `smartcab/enviroment.py`, `smartcab/planner.py`, and `smartcab/simulator.py`. Supporting images for the graphical user interface can be found in the `images` folder. While some code has already been implemented to get you started, you will need to implement additional functionality for the `LearningAgent` class in `agent.py` when requested to successfully complete the project. 

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `smartcab/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```python smartcab/agent.py```
```python -m smartcab.agent```

This will run the `agent.py` file and execute your agent code.

Commit message:

feat: Update readme to include the notebook

README.md, after:

# Project 4: Reinforcement Learning
## Train a Smartcab How to Drive

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** with the [pygame](https://www.pygame.org/wiki/GettingStarted
) library installed

### Code

Template code is provided in the `smartcab/agent.py` python file. Additional supporting python code can be found in `smartcab/enviroment.py`, `smartcab/planner.py`, and `smartcab/simulator.py`. Supporting images for the graphical user interface can be found in the `images` folder.  

A Jupyter notebook has been added to the project and may be stepped through as a live version of the report. The agent.py is exported directly from this notebook.

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `smartcab/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```python smartcab/agent.py```
```python -m smartcab.agent```

This will run the `agent.py` file and execute your agent code.

Alternativly step throught the agent.ipynb file to see the code inline with the project report.
